My common observation of being (studying, trying to be a web developer and I'm excited because it's my interview later at 1pm hope I won't be late and finally have
this oppurtinity to have a work finally, sorry if it's too long HAHA)
a web developer

1. I noticed that a single or even I think a bunch of a line of a code can ruin the entirety of the code itself :( always remind and refresh what you had done first to
 why it was ruined XD :((
- I wasn't hired as a web developer because of what she said that my CV was weak but the job description says that they need a fresh graduate students. They didn't say
that it is with skills. I think about it when she was interviewing me but I don't mind saying it to her. I'm sad (slightly sad) because I wasn't able to work with
them but it's alright because I know at some point in my life that there is another breakthrough and opportunity that will take place, everything happens for a
reason :)

2. When making a flowchart just remember that follow the line and into the next line to provide reason and logic.

3. You can also develop your own libraries (called
packages in Java). (Note that in Java, typically, a package is a set of related
classes. So, typically, a Java program is a collection of classes.

4. mathematics = decimal system or base 10
   computer = binary or base 2

5. Assembly Language is a written code while Machine Language consists of binary in 1s and 0s. Without the Assembly Language translating the Machine Language, the
layout of the code could've been in 1s and 0s (Machine Language).

6. Applications are programs that run on your computer and Java Applets are sub part of the Applications (for me) or Java applets are programs that run from a Web browser and make
the Web responsive and interactive.

Note that the Java interpreter translates and executes one bytecode instruction at a time.It does not first translate the entire bytecode into your computer’s machine
language. As noted earlier, in languages such as C++, a different compiler is needed for each type of CPU, whereas a Java compiler translates a Java source program
into bytecode, the machine language of JVM, which is independent of any particular type of CPU.

6. In general, to successfully run a Java program, the bytecode for classes used in the program must be connected. The program that automatically does this in Java
is known as the loader.

NOTE: I noticed that I don't want to be a web developer anymore but to be a software developer like making mobile applications, web applications and making high-class
games.

As a programmer, one of your primary concerns is with Step 1. That is, you must learn,understand, and master the rules of the programming language to create source
programs.Programs are developed using an IDE. Well-known IDEs used to create programs in Java include JBuilder (from Borland), CodeWarrior (Metrowerks), and jGrasp
(Auburn University). These IDEs contain an editor to create the program, a compiler to check the program for syntax errors, a program to load the object codes of the
resources used from the IDE, and a program to execute the program. These IDEs are also quite userfriendly. When you compile your program, the compiler not only
identifies the syntax errors, but also typically suggests how to correct them.

Other software that can be used to develop Java programs include Eclipse, TextPad,
JCreator, BlueJ, and DrJava.

7.	public class ASimpleJavaProgram
{
public static void main(String[] args)
{
System.out.println("My first Java program.");
System.out.println("The sum of 2 and 3 = " + 5);
System.out.println("7 + 8 = " + (7 + 8));
}
}

	System.out.println("My first Java program.");
Typically, anything in double quotation marks, called a string, evaluates to itself, that is, its value is the string itself. Therefore, the statement causes the
system to display the following line on the screen:
My first Java program.

	System.out.println("The sum of 2 and 3 = " + 5);
In this output statement, the parentheses contain the string "The sum of 2 and 3 = ", + (the plus sign), and the number 5. Here the symbol + is used to concatenate
(join) the operands. In this case, the system automatically converts the number 5 into a string, joins that string with the first string, and displays the following
line on the screen:
The sum of 2 and 3 = 5

	System.out.println("7 + 8 = " + (7 + 8));
In this output statement, the parentheses contain the string "7 + 8 = ", + (the plus sign), and the expression (7 + 8). In the expression (7 + 8), notice the
parentheses around 7 + 8. This causes the system to add the numbers 7 and 8, resulting in 15. The number 15 is then converted to the string "15" and then joined
with the string "7 + 8 = ". Therefore, the output of this statement is:
7 + 8 = 15

8. The following are some of the special symbols:
+ - * /
. ; ? ,
<= != == >=

The first row includes mathematical symbols for addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. The second row consists of punctuation marks taken from English
grammar. Note that the comma is a special symbol. In Java, commas are used to separate items in a list. Semicolons are used to end a Java statement. The third row
contains symbols used for comparisons. Note that a blank, which is not shown above, is also a special symbol. You create a blank symbol by pressing the spacebar
(only once) on the keyboard. The third row consists of tokens made up of two characters, but which are regarded as single symbols. No character can come between the
two characters in these symbols, not even a blank.

9. I learned that if you have to find the square of number in java it is supposed to be in 'double' keyword and the syntax for square is 'Math.pow'

   Example:

	import java.util.Scanner;
	public class squareofanumber {
	public static void main (String[]args) {
	
	double z;
	
	Scanner in = new Scanner (System.in);
	
	System.out.println("Enter a number:" );
	z = in.nextInt();	
	z = Math.pow(z,2);
	System.out.println("The square of a number:" + z);
	
}
}

10. Out of topic fact:
	tendons connect from muscle to bone7
	ligaments connect from bone to bone, and
	fascia connect from muscle to muscle

11. Out of topic fact:
	There are 3 kinds of friendship according to Aristotle:
	1. Useful Friendhip
	2. Pleasant Friendship
	3. Virtuous Friendship